Hangman
Sofia...
Sofia, you need to go inside.
You're here.
Alberto, your finger...
I swear to God,
one day,
I'll get you outta here.
Berto, behind you! Berto! Berto!
No, no, no, no, no!
No!
Sofia...
You're safe.
It's okay. It's okay.
Get off of me!
Sofia-- Sofia!
Sofia, it's okay.
Sofia... Okay, okay...
Deep breaths. Come on.
Deep breaths.
Count with me.
In for four...
And then out...
There you go.
Good.
Do you see the pictures
on the wall?
Uh-huh.
The items on my desk?
You're not in Arkham anymore.
You're safe.
- Tell me what you saw.
- I have to go.
I can help you, Sofia.
You're safe.
I'm not safe.
I'm home.
Didn't know I was walkin'
into a party.
- I woulda brought something.
- You cocky motherfucker.
Tryin' to force my hand
to take a fall for you?
I ain't forcing nothin', Sal.
I saw an opportunity, is all.
The streets are talkin' again!
They know there's only
one man big enough
to go against the Falcones,
Salvatore motherfuckin' Maroni.
You want the credit.
You deserve the credit.
And it's yours.
Or... I could drop your name
to the Falcones right now
and stop this war
you've brought on my Family.
Tell 'em it was you
that whacked Alberto
and watch 'em slice you
from earhole to asshole.
Well, yeah, I mean,
that's another way to go.
But you're wearin' that ring
around here, Sal.
You're already gloatin'.
You might as well lean in.
Listen...
The Falcones are still
lickin' their wounds.
They're distracted.
And I got the inside track
with the new Don.
They brought in
Carmine's brother, Luca.
He's a fuckin' pussy,
but I got his ear.
This can work.
We can take 'em all down, Sal.
But you gotta do your part.
I claim Alberto, you make good
on the Drops you promised.
This is Ervad, one of my capos.
- He'll run point.
- It's a simple route.
Straight shot to Robbinsville.
No highways. All neighborhoods.
Nice work, boys. Do it up.
We use the FEMA truck
as our cover,
and the Drops'll
be sittin' pretty
inside barrels
of "Emergency Water."
Hey, Castillo.
No hard feelings, right?
We're all on the same side.
Yeah, sure, Oz.
- Yeah.
- Good.
Everyone in the lead car
and truck, they're patsies.
You waste 'em,
you get your drugs
and some blood.
- That it?
- Yeah.
Alright, lock it up.
Let's head out!
But the follow car,
that's where I'll be.
You don't fuckin' touch that.
I'll be there making sure
that you get what's yours
without a hitch.
- Sound good?
- Yeah.
Boom.
Everything goes simple.
Penguin!
You're on the truck
with the product.
Johnny. Nice to see you, too.
But listen, I got it all set.
I'm in the, uh, follow car.
The truck is packed.
Ready to go. All good--
The fuck's your head at?
We're in the middle
of a gang war.
I'm just doin' what I was told.
Ain't my idea to close shop
and move the product
to Robbinsville.
We're adding artillery
to every vehicle.
And your operation... Right?
That's what you said,
it's your operation.
...means you're on the truck.
Let's go.
They're at the underpass.
Get ready.
Hey, why do seagulls
fly over the sea?
'Cause if they flew
over the bay,
they'd be bagels.
You get it?
Bagels! Like the bread.
Yeah, I get it now, Ray.
Thanks for the explanation.
Hey, I got one for ya.
What's the difference between
the Mafia and the government?
One of 'em is organized!
See, Ray?
You just gotta know
your audience!
Shit!
Whoa! Hold up, Ervad!
I got your Drops right here.
Oz, you fuckin' traitor!
What the fuck?!
Shit.
Castillo!
Castillo! Let's go!
Let's go!
Get in.
We're just riding down
the fuckin' road,
and then the truck...
gets lit up.
First SUV crashes,
we hop out of the car,
we're fucking shot.
I'm beating some fucking guy...
I'm definitely dead
without this motherfucker.
Castillo here is dead
if it wasn't for Oz.
And then we fucking lock up
and jump in the truck.
We're driving off.
Shots everywhere.
It was fucking crazy.
What the fuck
was I supposed to do?
They ambushed us
'cause they think we're weak.
I tried to tell ya--
We look weak
'cause you let 'em fuck us.
Hey, it was your route!
We were sittin' ducks out there.
If it weren't for me,
more men woulda died.
Please. You didn't do shit
to protect our Drops.
The Maronis walked away
with the whole goddamn stash.
Is that all you care about?
The product? The money we lost?
We can get more money, gentlemen.
You're missing the point here.
They humiliated our Family.
I mean, they took my brother,
and they shoved his body
in the trunk of a car,
like he was a piece of trash.
Look, Sofia, we all cared
for Alberto--
Well, I doubt that, Milos.
I really do.
Justice is what matters.
And that is what my brother,
your nephew, deserves.
Hear, hear.
Why aren't his killers
strung up across the city?
When the time is right,
the Maronis'll pay.
The Maronis. Right, okay.
Well, open your eyes.
They weren't working alone.
How'd they know about our route?
How'd they know about
the FEMA truck?
They had someone on the inside,
helping them.
Someone in our own Family.
How dare you with this shit.
You waltzin' in here
like you mean something.
You don't call the shots
around here.
Johnny! Neither do you.
And this is my niece
you're talking to.
Show her some fucking respect.
Sorry, Luca. You're right.
Sofia...
my apologies.
Increase security
around the house
and all our businesses.
Put the word out.
If anybody outside the network
is selling our Drops,
they'll answer for it.
Let's call it a night.
You need anything from me, Boss?
You've done enough.
Sofia...
Stay.
You've always had a nose
for bullshit, Sofia.
Your father knew that too.
But if there's a rat,
we'll find him.
But the when and the how,
that...
that ain't up to you.
The when and the how...
That's your call.
Because you're the Boss.
I'm gonna let that one slide.
'Cause you're grieving.
We're all grieving.
Your brother's funeral
is tomorrow.
Just focus on
laying him to rest.
I'll deal with
the Family business.
- Sofia.
- What do you want, Oz?
I know we've got
our differences.
You made that
pretty fuckin' clear.
But I'm willin' to look past
the pain you put me through,
if you are.
- Is that right?
- Yeah.
Look, I'm on your side.
I saved your boy
Castillo's life tonight,
even after what he did to me.
What're we runnin',
a marathon here?
Listen, what you said
about an inside man.
I believe you.
I could ask around.
Do some digging.
Whatever you need.
Why would you do that?
Because it should be you
in there, callin' the shots.
You should be the new boss,
not Carmine's little brother.
- Careful--
-"Careful" whatever.
I know I shouldn't say it.
So what?
Al is dead. I loved him, too.
More than those pricks.
And look...
If one of 'em had a hand in it,
who's to say you ain't next?
They didn't care about Al.
They sure as shit
don't like you.
They think you're crazy.
You don't need me
tellin' you that.
You can feel it.
But you got a card to play.
Something that'll force 'em
to see the power you got.
Al's shipment.
The new drug.
It's what he woulda wanted.
To see you take over.
Keep his dream alive, you know?
You think you know
what's best for me, hmm?
You think you know what I need?
How are you any different
than those pricks in there?
That ain't what
I was saying, Sofia--
Very, very convenient
that, all of a sudden,
you're on my side.
Will you look at that?
Right?
My little helper.
- Alright.
- Fucking desperate.
You are scrambling for
whatever dignity you have left,
and you're hoping
I will save you.
Not gonna happen.
I don't owe you a fuckin' thing.
No, you're right. You don't.
I owe you.
Fuck 'em all.
Trying to push me out?
I was Carmine Falcone's
right hand.
You'd think it'd mean something.
A couple'a "thank-yous"
wouldn't hurt, but no.
"You've done enough, Oz."
You think I've done enough, asshole?
You ain't seen what I can do.
None of those fucks had
the balls to do what I did.
Hey, kid! Let's go!
A lotta people'd be happy
if their dipshit brother
turned up dead.
Maybe even ecstatic.
Not Sofia Falcone!
So friggin' uptight.
She ain't gonna stop
until she's got
someone's head on a platter.
Yeah. R-right.
So, what's the plan with that,
by the way?
- Are we gonna--
- I know what you're thinkin'.
We can't kill her.
Oh. No, I wasn't--
She wants an inside man,
I'm gonna give her one.
Otherwise, I ain't got no shot
at getting my hands
on Al's shipment, you know?
Jesus, Vic! I said no cilantro!
- It's fuckin' everywhere!
- Shit, I'm sorry.
Might as well shove a bar
of goddamn soap in my mouth.
Girls are on their way.
Start pickin'.
Since the seawall's collapse,
crime has spiked
all over Gotham.
Going up by a whopping 42%.
Don't forget
the rolling power outages.
This city and the system
are broken.
And I doubt the mayor-elect
has the guts to fix it.
They're letting psychos
out of Arkham now.
- You hear about this?
- The Hangman.
She was technically exonerated.
- I don't care.
- Wait. Leave it on.
Sofia Falcone
is a serial killer.
Seven women. And that's just
who we know about.
You ever heard
of the Blue Heron?
- No.
- It was a club.
You know, it was the Falcone
hangout back in the day,
and I was a bar-back.
One day, this guy Pinchy
rolls in,
says he's so impressed
with the way
that I been takin' care
of everybody,
he wants me to be his driver.
Only problem was...
I couldn't drive.
Right, so... so what'd you do?
What'd I do?
I took the goddamn job, kid.
What do you think?
And this is on a Friday,
and I start on Monday.
So, over the weekend,
I stole myself an old Buick.
I drove it around
the Eastside like a maniac
till I landed it in a ditch
next to the Sprang River.
But I fuckin' learned, Vic.
And on Monday, I became
Pinchy Rovegno's driver.
Where is he now?
- Who?
- The, uh...
Pinchy. What, uh...
What happened to him?
Ah, well.
A few months later, Carmine
caught him talkin' to the Feds.
Yeah, so Pinchy got popped.
But Carmine saw somethin' in me.
Thought I was worth
keepin' around.
And the rest is history.
Welcome, ladies!
I'm glad you could make it.
Hey, Alice.
Whoa, is that a new coat?
Very furry.
- Hi, baby.
- Hey, Cin, Rox.
- Hello.
- Everybody, this is Vic.
Vic, everybody.
There's my girl. Hey.
- You alright?
- Yeah, yeah.
Long day, tough day.
- It's good you're here.
- Yeah?
Let's put on some tunes.
I'm asking
how much you got left.
And I told you. Nothing.
It's a goddamn drought
out there.
Bullshit. Bullshit.
You owe me, man.
Take it up with The Riddler.
Rough night, Detective?
You gotta be kidding me.
I-I-I...
No. I'm sorry,
but all respect, no.
No, no.
You used to work for my father.
Half the force worked
for your father, you know.
But you were particularly...
dependable,
especially at finding
snakes in the grass.
Right... until you became
a Drophead.
Well, that's insulting.
I don't think we need to--
A gift, for your condition.
You wanna do 'em now?
You can do 'em now.
Oh yeah.
Four hours ago, the Maronis
hijacked a Falcone transport
heading for Robbinsville.
I need to know how they came
to have that information.
And you're coming to me
instead of your Family? Why?
Oh, you think
it was an inside job.
That's something I don't know
if I'd feel comfortable...
I'll need discretion.
Let me see what I can dig up.
Great.
Hey, everybody. Tonight...
Tonight went fuckin' sideways.
There's no easy way to say it.
The Maronis came at us,
but we held our own.
We spilled their goddamn blood
in the streets, too. Right?
- Right!
- Yeah!
Okay, so, I say
we save our anger.
We keep it right in here,
'cause the Maronis started
something they don't know what.
- They'll fuckin' see.
- That's fuckin' right.
So here's to our friends
who ain't so lucky tonight.
Rest well.
Hey, Vic, get over here.
Rox...
This is the guy
who fucked up the taco order.
Vic, Roxy here
is a successful entrepreneur
in the camming industry.
Wow, okay. So you're a camgirl.
Whoa, easy, Romeo.
You can't afford her.
I do mostly fetish stuff.
Domination.
Sometimes I work with cake.
You got a sweet tooth, Vic?
- Gonna leave you to it.
- All right.
Where are you from?
Yeah, I'm from... I'm...
I'm... from Cr...
Crown Point.
I'm from Crown Point.
My cousin lived over there.
She said it's like
a no-man's-land now
or something.
I mean, they lost everything.
What about you?
So...
How do you know Oz?
I... I work for him.
Really?
Yeah, I'm...
I'm his driver.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Baby, can we talk?
It's gonna have to wait, doll.
Got a lot of shit
I'm dealing with.
You killed Alberto Falcone.
That's why you needed my alibi,
isn't it?
You're putting me
and my girls at risk.
That's not part of the deal.
Say something.
Eve, sweetheart, there's
all kinds of things I can say,
but what matters is,
ain't nothin' to be afraid of.
Look, I got a file
on Johnny Viti.
Once Luca gets his eyes on that,
that prick weasel Viti's
gonna take the fall
for the whole fuckin' thing.
The Falcone underboss?
He's untouchable.
No one's untouchable.
Then neither are you.
Hey, look at me.
Look at me.
You bet on the right horse.
And I ain't gonna be on my own
enjoyin' the spoils.
I'm gonna open up another club.
It's gonna be swankier
than the Iceberg Lounge,
your girls for entertainment.
I slip these pics to Luca
at the funeral tomorrow,
and it's baby blue skies, doll.
You just gotta trust me.
Come here.
There she is.
You're playing a dangerous game
with this Family, Oz.
Oh, yeah?
You think I want Sofia Falcone
knocking on my door?
Women like me, we got
enough targets on our backs.
And I'm tellin' you,
I know what I'm doin'.
You seen me through worse,
and I always come out
the other side,
better than before.
Trust me.
There ain't nothin' about
Sofia Falcone I can't handle.
Fuck.
I appreciate the gesture,
but this is too much.
Ah, come on, doll. You--
Yeah?
I'll be right there.
Everything okay?
Yeah, yeah, just work.
Hey, Ma.
- You alright?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
I just went for a walk.
- Okay.
- This guy.
This guy.
He's got nothin' better to do
than waste your goddamn time.
Come here.
Qué pasó?
Hey.
You're a nurse, right?
Do you need anything?
Why does everybody
keep asking me that?
Oh, so you're a doctor now, too?
I don't pay you
for your medical advice, Cesar.
Jesus.
Alright?
Vic, show him out.
God bless you.
Thanks a lot.
Come on.
You gotta help me up.
All right.
There you go.
You promised me, Oswald.
I deserve a better life.
I don't wanna be cooped up
in this shitty house no more.
I know, Ma. I know.
I won't be here forever.
None of us will.
You know, but we got time.
You just gotta be patient.
Yeah, tell it to my headstone.
Jesus.
Don't start with that shit.
Alright. I'm workin' on it.
If my son is a nothing,
what am I?
Oz. The...
funeral's starting.
Go, go, go, go. You go.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Get outta here.
Oswald...
Yeah, I know, Ma.
I won't let you down.
Come on!
Send her back!
- Send her back! Send her back!
- Hang the Hangman!
Send her back! Send her back!
Falcones are fascists!
Hey, Luca. I got something
you're gonna wanna--
- Mr. Falcone.
- Thanks.
Prick.
Send her back! Send her back!
Not a fan of crowds?
Just needed a minute away
from the spectacle.
Lotta ass-kissin' going on.
Real nice service though.
Didn't see you in there.
I didn't know you were lookin'.
I was in the back.
Thinkin' about how much
Al woulda hated it.
Yeah, he would've left early.
Found a better party.
Yeah.
We didn't have a service
for my brothers.
My ma said she didn't wanna deal
with the pity.
Well, my ma, she...
she wouldn't get outta bed.
For weeks.
Maybe a month.
I tried all kindsa shit
to get her up and goin' but...
you know, nothin' took.
Then one night, outta the blue,
she came to me.
She was all dolled up.
"Oswald, we're going out,"
she says.
I was fuckin' thrilled.
She took me to a jazz club
on the Eastside.
Monroe's.
Yeah, it's the first time
I ever heard live music.
Whoa!
We danced all night.
You and your mom?
That's what we did.
How we celebrated 'em, you know.
Jack and Benny.
They woulda fuckin'
loved it, too.
Anyway, after that,
she started gettin' outta bed.
She went back to work.
She took care of me.
What do you think it was
that changed for her?
I'd like to think it was me,
but I dunno.
She died a few years back.
I never asked.
Shit like this, the pain of it,
you gotta be careful,
'cause it'll eat you alive
if you let it.
It's helluva lot more fun
to dance.
Ms. Falcone.
There's a call for you.
We should get to the house.
Listen, what I said before,
I meant.
Excuse me.
The detective says
he's got something.
No, no. Wait, wait. Right there.
Ta-da.
Alright. This is Ervad.
He's one of the Maronis
who lifted your Drops.
He will perk up
once the morphine wears off.
What are we supposed to do
with him?
It's my brother's memorial.
You said you wanted answers,
I brought you answers.
In the flesh.
You better hurry up,
'cause he ain't gonna last long.
Take him to the basement.
Quietly.
When he wakes up, find me.
You inflated your position.
Said you had the inside track
with Luca.
But now, the Falcones snatched
one of our men
out of the hospital.
And you didn't say
a motherfuckin' word.
- We shoulda been warned.
- Taj.
This ain't Luca.
Trust me. He don't tie his shoes
without lookin' both ways.
It's gotta be Sofia Falcone,
acting on her own.
Chick just got outta Arkham,
so she's a little...
A Falcone is a Falcone.
You should know
all their movements.
Otherwise you have
no value to us.
You broke your word.
And that is not something
our family tolerates.
It is how we have survived
this long.
Whoa, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey!
Goddammit, just listen.
My pocket. My fuckin' pocket.
My jacket pocket!
Let's see what he has.
What am I looking at?
Johnny Viti is fuckin'
Luca Falcone's wife.
They been doin' it for years.
You're lookin' at the proof.
That's just the cherry on top.
I got all kinds of dirt.
Lots of it.
We can squeeze 'em one by one.
We want our man back.
Yeah, of course.
Me too.
Gimme his name. I'll find him.
Ervad Hakimi.
You met him at Blackgate.
And I suggest you hurry,
'cause if the Falcones
get him to talk,
he'll have a lot to say
about you.
I can't believe she's out.
This is crazy.
She's become unhinged.
She's fucking crazy.
It's gotta be Sofia
running her own game.
We could be drivin'
to our deaths right now.
Sh-should we turn around?
The only way outta this
is through, kid.
Nadia took the pictures,
but Viti's still our mark.
Red Mercedes, okay?
That's the car
you're lookin' for.
- Yeah, I don't--
- And just so we're clear,
you're gonna plant the jewels
in Viti's car
while I find Ervad.
All these people,
there's only a couple spots
they can keep him.
Yeah, Oz, look,
I-I-I want to help.
I-I just got
a-a-a couple of questions.
Hey, hey, hey.
Look at me. Look at me.
We pull this off,
Viti takes the fall,
we're one step closer
to the top.
We're not just gonna walk away
outta fear. Right, chief?
- That's right.
- Fuck yeah, right.
You feel alive, Vic? Huh?
- Feel your heart beating?
- Mm-hmm.
Good. Good.
Let's keep it that way, huh?
What's he saying?
Ervad's still out cold.
Thanks for coming.
Good to see you.
He doesn't look too good,
but I got my eye on him.
Well, get him up.
I need to know
who killed my brother.
Of course, Ms. Falcone.
That's alright. Keep talkin'.
I already know.
- Oz.
- Already know what?
Don't bullshit me, Milos.
I lost good men and nearly got
my own head shot off.
You should've told me you had
one of those scumbags here.
What?
Really, Johnny?
Who ya got in the basement?
I been in this Family years.
You're gonna trust one
of Sofia's guys over me?
It's bullshit. Bullshit.
Come on.
Alberto, Sofia...
I'm gonna beat you!
Come here.
Look at me. Smile!
- Happy New Year!
- Happy New Year.
Have a great year.
It's gonna be the best.
Sofia! Oh my God!
It's so nice to see you.
You too, Carla.
You look the same.
I like your dress.
You always had such great style.
Do you remember all those
wild nights at Lake Como?
Getting drunk, hanging out
with those horny Italian boys?
Yeah.
We got into some trouble
for that.
Yeah, but it was worth it.
You know, I still go to Italy
every summer.
We should plan a girls' trip.
A girls' trip.
Yeah, that could be... fun.
Mama!
They have cake. Can I have cake?
Who's this?
I'm Gia.
Hi, Gia. I'm your mom's cousin.
Gia.
Aren't you pretty.
Uh-oh, your barrette's loose.
- Oh, I can fix that--
- I got it.
There you go.
She's a real cutie, Carla.
Yeah...
Make sure
you keep her protected.
A young woman in this family...
Might not end well for her.
Come on.
Sofia.
Luca wants to see you.
The hell are you doing?
That's my boss's car!
I-I-I work here.
The alarm was going off.
Taking something outta the car?
- What? No.
- What's in the bag?
Hey!
It's un-fucking-believable.
You and Sofia,
you really thought
you could keep this
from the Family.
Hey, Ervad.
Ervad.
Wake up, pal.
Nadia sent me.
Can you hear me?
Help...
Help me.
Yeah, yeah.
That's what I'm here for.
But I can't just walk you
outta here.
You're gonna have to do
something for me first.
There's this chick.
She's got an ax to grind.
She's gonna roll in here,
she's gonna ask you
if you been workin'
with someone on the inside.
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look at me.
I need you to say the name
Johnny Viti.
He killed Alberto Falcone.
Listen to me. Johnny Viti.
Alright?
That's the name you give 'em.
Then I help you, alright?
Alright.
- Johnny... Viti...
- There it is.
Vic. How we lookin'?
Oz, I-I-I couldn't do it.
I couldn't get the jewels
into Viti's car.
The fuck you talkin' about?
They're lookin' for me.
Security, they s-s-s...
Where are you?
Where's the fuckin' jewels?
I had to run, okay?
But I still got the pouch.
I c-- I c-c--
I can't--
God, tell me what to do!
Oz, I can say it.
I'll say his name...
Viti...
Plan's changed, pal.
I gotta give 'em
somethin' solid,
or they'll be lookin' at me.
I can't have that.
We all gotta make
sacrifices, pal.
I told you to come to me,
not go behind my back.
Well, I did go to you,
and you told me to weep
about my dead brother
and do nothing.
There is a traitor
in this Family,
and I brought you someone
who can give us
an actual fucking answer.
No one comes in.
Fuck.
Jesus Christ.
I warned you.
You get me everyone
from the Drops transport.
Nobody leaves.
- Oz.
- Hey, Dom. You seen Viti?
Let's go.
What are you doin'?
Close the doors.
What's goin' on?
Get them inside.
Search everyone for weapons.
We're looking for a knife.
Nick, what the fuck is goin' on?
Someone iced a Maroni
in the basement.
The fuck!
- Come on!
- Fuck you!
You touch me again, I will have
that goddamn hand cut off.
The fuck you lookin' at?
It was you, wasn't it?
You sent us there
to get massacred.
What the Maronis give ya, huh?
You better watch your mouth,
you fucking gimp.
Fuck your mother, you dirty rat!
- Fuck you!
- Fuck your mother!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
...your face off,
you motherfucker!
- Let him go! Let him go!
- Hey!
Get the fuck off me!
Hey! Everybody back in line!
One of you is a traitor.
Feeding information
to the fuckin' enemy.
That ends tonight.
I will not tolerate a rat.
He's clean.
- Got him. It was in his pocket.
- That's not mine.
That's not f-- Get off of me.
Ms. Falcone, I swear to God,
that is not mine.
- It was you.
- That's not true.
You were there
with him that night.
- You killed him.
- I didn't. I would never.
- Give me your gun.
- Sofia.
- Give me your fucking gun.
- Please, listen to me.
- I would never do that.
- Give me your gun.
I have been nothing
but loyal to you!
Give me your fucking gun!
You should have left him
for me.
- Sofia, it's done--
- He was mine to kill.
- For Alberto.
- I made the call.
Maybe it's time for you
to leave Gotham.
What?
We got to do what's best...
for you.
For your safety.
Italy is beautiful
this time of year.
Didn't you spend your summers
there, in Lake Como?
You're right, Uncle Luca...
And I could use the time away.
Yeah.
It'll be good for you.
Sweetheart.
Come in.
We're done here.
Fuckin' Johnny Viti
givin' me orders now?
Sayin' I gotta clean up?
Was supposed to be him
in this grave,
not these two schmucks.
Oh, man.
Shit!
Lay down, where you belong.
Oz... look.
Lay down! Now!
God.
How does it feel, Vic, huh?
Nah! Hey, hey.
Don't close your eyes.
Look at them. Remember this.
This is what happens
when you choke, ya understand?
Dead's a one-way street, Vic.
You know how close I got
to getting popped tonight?
'Cause you fucked up?
Then I gotta plant the blade
and the jewels...
Lotta work for me, Vic.
- A lotta work.
- Look, I'm-I'm-I'm sorry, okay?
- I mean it.
- You know what?
Fuck apologizing.
You wanna survive?
You gotta adapt.
Respond to the environment,
the situation,
gotta think on your feet,
you gotta be quick.
Otherwise, this is what happens.
Whatever Carmine threw at me,
I delivered on.
Every goddamn time!
- You get what I'm saying?
- Yeah. Mm-hmm.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
Ah, fuck it. Alright, come on.
Get up, get up. Gimme your hand.
There ain't no playbook
for this shit, kid.
I saw somethin' in you.
Maybe I was wrong.
You tell me.
Maybe you ain't cut out
for this life.
You know?
Who the fuck is calling me now?
Cover the bodies.
Hey, Sofia.
How ya doin'?
Uh-huh.
He killed my brother.
A man I trusted,
working for them.
Why?
For what?
Some diamonds.
These were
in Castillo's apartment.
It's what Alberto went to get
the night he died.
As an investment in our future,
in our new drug.
We were gonna run
the Family together.
But Berto was taken from me.
And I refuse
to let these old fucking men
push me aside again,
like I'm nothing.
So, I'm gonna take
from them now.
And I'm gonna force them
to their knees.
It should be fun.
What do you say, Oz?
You in?
Let's dance.